installation/osx/index.md, before:

---
title: OS X Installation
layout: default
---

Installing Protégé on Mac OS X
==============================

Protege {{site.version}} is distributed in the form of a Mac OS X Application.  This includes the 64-bit Java Runtime Environment (JRE).  The application is contained within a ZIP file.

1. Go to the [download page](http://protege.stanford.edu/software.php#desktop-protege) and click the Download button.
2. Once the download completes, navigate to the folder where Protég´ was downloaded to. This will typically be your "Downloads" folder.
    <figure>
	  <img alt="Mac Download" src="safari-downloads.png" style="max-width: 400px;"/>
	  <figcaption>The downloads list in the Safari Web Browser.  Click the magnifying glass to reveal the download.
	  </figcaption>
    </figure>
3. Once you have located the Protégé-{{site.version}} download folder you should see the Protégé Application.
    <figure>
	  <img alt="Mac Download" src="protege-app-bundle.png" style="max-width: 600px;"/>
	  <figcaption>The Protégé application after downloading.</figcaption>
    </figure>
4. Drag the Protege Application to you Applications folder.
5. Double click Protege to start it.

Commit message:

Update download links and installation instructions.
Update the version number to the latest 5.6.7 release; update the
installation instructions to

* reflect changes in release file names;
* mention the possibility of downloading Protege from GitHub;
* mention how to allow Protege to run on MacOS.

installation/osx/index.md, after:

---
title: OS X Installation
layout: default
---

Installing Protégé on Mac OS X
==============================

Protege {{site.version}} is distributed in the form of a Mac OS X Application.  This includes the 64-bit Java Runtime Environment (JRE).  The application is contained within a ZIP file.

1. Go to the [download page](http://protege.stanford.edu/software.php#desktop-protege) and click the Download button. Alternatively, go to the [release page](https://github.com/protegeproject/protege-distribution/releases/tag/protege-{{site.version}}) on GitHub and download the ```Protege-{{site.version}}-mac.zip``` file.
2. Once the download completes, navigate to the folder where Protégé was downloaded to. This will typically be your "Downloads" folder.
    <figure>
	  <img alt="Mac Download" src="safari-downloads.png" style="max-width: 400px;"/>
	  <figcaption>The downloads list in the Safari Web Browser.  Click the magnifying glass to reveal the download.
	  </figcaption>
    </figure>
3. Once you have located the Protégé-{{site.version}} download folder you should see the Protégé Application.
    <figure>
	  <img alt="Mac Download" src="protege-app-bundle.png" style="max-width: 600px;"/>
	  <figcaption>The Protégé application after downloading.</figcaption>
    </figure>
4. Drag the Protege Application to you Applications folder.
5. Double click Protege to start it.

Depending on your Mac OS version you might get an “Application cannot be opened” error. If so, check in your _System Settings_, in the _Privacy & Security_ section, for an entry showing either ”Java” or “Protégé”, and click on the associated “Allow“ button.
