installation/windows/index.md, before:

---
title: Windows Installation
layout: default
---

Installing Protégé on Windows
==============================

Protege {{site.version}} is distributed in the form of a ZIP file.  This includes the 64-bit Java Runtime Environment (JRE).

1. Go to the [download page](http://protege.stanford.edu/software.php#desktop-protege) and click the Download button.
2. Once the download completes, navigate to the folder where Protégé was downloaded to. This will typically be your "Downloads" folder.  For example, "C:/Users/<span style="color: #c0c0c0;">[your-username]</span>/Downloads".
3. Right-click on the Protégé-{{site.version}}.zip file and choose **Extract All...** from the popup menu to launch the Extract Compressed Folders dialog.
4. Click the "Browse..." button to select a destination for your Protégé Desktop installation, e.g., the "C:/Program Files" folder:
    <figure>
	  <img alt="Mac Download" src="windows-extract-zip-file.png" style="max-width: 400px; padding: 10px;"/>
	  <figcaption>Extract the Protégé ZIP file to "C:/Program Files".</figcaption>
    </figure>
4. Protege Desktop will be extracted to your selected destination into a folder called "Protege-{{site.version}}".
5. There are two ways to launch Protégé: (1) Double-click on the **Protege.exe**, or (2) Double-click on run.bat - which will start Protege also showing the console.
6. For quicker access to Protege Desktop going forward, right-click on the Protege.exe file and select **"Send to" -> "Desktop (create shortcut)"**. This will create a shortcut to Protege Desktop's launcher on your Windows Desktop.

Commit message:

Update download links and installation instructions.
Update the version number to the latest 5.6.7 release; update the
installation instructions to

* reflect changes in release file names;
* mention the possibility of downloading Protege from GitHub;
* mention how to allow Protege to run on MacOS.

installation/windows/index.md, after:

---
title: Windows Installation
layout: default
---

Installing Protégé on Windows
==============================

Protege {{site.version}} is distributed in the form of a ZIP file.  This includes the 64-bit Java Runtime Environment (JRE).

1. Go to the [download page](http://protege.stanford.edu/software.php#desktop-protege) and click the Download button. Alternatively, go to the [release page](https://github.com/protegeproject/protege-distribution/releases/tag/protege-{{site.version}}) on GitHub and download the ```Protege-{{site.version}}-win.zip``` file.
2. Once the download completes, navigate to the folder where Protégé was downloaded to. This will typically be your "Downloads" folder.  For example, "C:/Users/<span style="color: #c0c0c0;">[your-username]</span>/Downloads".
3. Right-click on the Protégé-{{site.version}}.zip file and choose **Extract All...** from the popup menu to launch the Extract Compressed Folders dialog.
4. Click the "Browse..." button to select a destination for your Protégé Desktop installation, e.g., the "C:/Program Files" folder:
    <figure>
	  <img alt="Mac Download" src="windows-extract-zip-file.png" style="max-width: 400px; padding: 10px;"/>
	  <figcaption>Extract the Protégé ZIP file to "C:/Program Files".</figcaption>
    </figure>
4. Protege Desktop will be extracted to your selected destination into a folder called "Protege-{{site.version}}".
5. There are two ways to launch Protégé: (1) Double-click on the **Protege.exe**, or (2) Double-click on run.bat - which will start Protege also showing the console.
6. For quicker access to Protege Desktop going forward, right-click on the Protege.exe file and select **"Send to" -> "Desktop (create shortcut)"**. This will create a shortcut to Protege Desktop's launcher on your Windows Desktop.
